I've never been in Paris with someone I
loved
wouldn't you be wonderful not to think
just to taste feel Rhapsody is the story
of Lulu and her loves Elizabeth Taylor
gives the performance of her young life
as Lulu Lulu spoiled by wealth selfish
by nature always demanding and getting
what she wants and these are the men she
wants each destined for greatness in the
world of music until Lulu comes into
their lives you've met the new Latin
sensation Vittorio Gassman in the role
of Paul Bronte this is the other man
Jaime played by John Ericson the boy who
won fame for his great performance in
the Broadway play
Stalag 17 and this is Louie Calhoun as
Lulu's indulgent father the first man to
know her the last man to understand her
will you understand her a girl possessed
by her desire to own a man not just love
him what do you want me to do
and I'll do it
I want you to need me as much as I need
you
he loves me
oh not the kind of love you require my
dear you have an almost neurotic need to
be needed I thought you needed me yes
but not like an octopus with a thousand
tentacles around me if you'd loved me
you'd see that I have to be free for a
while
work find myself that cannot be
possessive smother I'll make you forget
don't James you'll just get hurt
what take my chances fascinating
fiery Lulu will you love her or hate her
you will want to find out for yourself